Adding selectors to interactions seems to be the way to pick multiple blocks to affect.

But doing so thru the editor causes it to crash.
Manually writing in the Selector type in the JSON edit view seems to work.

The shovel uses a sequence of:
 (Shovel_Attack)
   (probably tries to attack first, if anything is in range,
   though attacks literally don't work so idk)
   
  Type: Chaining
    (what does this mean)
  Chaining Allowance 1.25
  Next: Shovel_Dig
  
  (Shovel_Dig)
  Type: Simple (A)
  Next: Selector (A)
  
  (Selector A)
  Type: Selector
  Selector: Horizontal
    Length: 30
	Direction: ToLeft
	etc.
	Test Line Of Sight: True
	  (does this rotate with player view?
	   or does it just block you from hitting stuff thru walls?)
  Hit Block
    Interaction
	  Type: Replace
	  Var: Downstrike_Hit_Block
	  Default Ok: True
      Default Value:
	    Interaction
          Type: Block_Break_Adventure (reference)
  Fail On: Neither
  Next: Simple
  
  (Simple B)
  Type: Simple
  Run Time: 0.5
  (seemingly does nothing. just a finish delay?)
  
  
  

It seems using projectiles for block change interactions isn't possible.
But the healing totem staff can create a projectile Healing Totem deployable that, on "miss" (aka probably not hitting an entity) spawns the deployable itself.
That deployable has AOE effects. Not sure if it can affect blocks in that range.

Interestingly the ProjectileMiss key has two interactions. Does that mean it's hardcoded to use the first one on ground impact, and the second on no impact?
Or perhaps they're just serially executed by default, one after the other.
Does that mean a parallel interaction will run all its contained interactions at the same time? Will it count as finished when they're all done?

Also spawning a deployable and setting its AOE type or whatever property crashes the editor too.


Weapon_Deployable_Healing_Totem
(Item)
  Interactions:
    Simple (for delay I think)
	Projectile:
	  Config: Projectile_Config_Healing_Totem_Deploy
	  (ProjectileConfig)

Projectile_Config_Healing_Totem_Deploy
(ProjectileConfig)




It seems like selectors prefer using the Next interaction over the HitBlock/HitEntity things. Not sure how to iterate over all reached blocks/entities.